Update Magento_AuthorizenetCardinal ReadMe (#24327)
magento/magento2: app/code/Magento/AuthorizenetCardinal/README.md

# Magento_AuthorizenetCardinal module

> The Magento_AuthorizenetCardinal module provides a possibility to enable 3D Secure 2.0 support for AuthorizenetAcceptjs payment integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Magento_AuthorizenetCardinal module to enable 3D Secure 2.0 support for AuthorizenetAcceptjs payment integrations.
```
